---
layout: post
title: Today stuff 16
abbrlink: 0f3700f0f8d04697815ccdad7ed65763
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1762597389005
updated: 1762597738037
---

# Today stuff

- Took anotha midterm, it was yet again very very easy
- Well, two midterms this week. For some reason I felt like I had barely any time. I think it was because I was trying to submit a research proposal in time.
- Went to microcenter and met a cool person. He seems to be interested in the same stuff that I am related to microcomputing and raspberry pi's.
- Been keeping track of my weight and trying to avoid so many carbs
  - Ate like two double double protein styles and felt full the entire day
- I also got a photo shoot done, had to buy a tie from the mall since I forgot to bring one back home
- For research I'm still hoping I can have time to do that and my senior design class. I can't believe uni is almost 4 months away from being done, and then I'm out into the real world. needless to say I'm both relieved and scared of the future.
- I saw the moon with the telescope I bought last month, it was aawesome. I saw the moon in its amazing complexion. I'm hoping to drive out of my place to somewhere away from the light pollution though. I've heard you can get some pretty good shots of the different nebulas if you try hard enough.
- So far this week I've been super busy with research proposals that I stopped JP learning and all my other hobbies. Really wished this wasn't the case, but I hope to keep up my JP for the trip...

# JP

anki

- 「よつば＆！」：第 2 話完成
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 2 話完成

 

# GUITAR

- Did a little bit of warmup practice a few days ago

  - - Trying to get back into doing one hour a day of getting haruka kanata down as a start
- Still looking for a vox amplug that is cheap and a cool looking pickguard (maybe a dark red tortoise shell pattern?)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

 

# FUTURE PLANS

- Add 10 a day of kanji mining if possible, if not just review more
- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
