---
layout: post
title: Thinking (lots of it)
abbrlink: 316de054b47b4d3fac204b16dd29c4d4
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1753093786161
updated: 1753096037818
---

# Today stuff

- Been a while since I did a journal
  - Forgot for the most part, fell asleep and didnt keep track
- So far I've been doing okay, I've recently tried continuing on with research
  - No progress yet though, IDK where to even start it's still really hard to understand
  - I need to talk to some of the dudes on the team that is working on it for help
- Kinda forgot about learning JP for a bit
  - Doing working out routine to replace it temporarily
  - TBH i kinda suck at managing sleep so I might need to like straight up leave vcs when it gets too late cuz I overextend my time awake
- Feeling quite shitty lately since I'm still trying to a bunch of stuff at once and I haven't been able to focus on any of them, here's a list (kind of a priority order):
  - Research
  - Applying for jobs/internships
  - Senior design project readings
  - Side project (with a student org)
  - Doing a cybersec offline course
  - Doing some projects for my portfolio (nixie tube clock, raspberry pi eGPU, offline kindle library, google pixel battery replacement, VR stuff/driver contributions, contributing to LineageOS/PostmarketOS and trying to get devices flashed for them, old macintosh restoration, alexa firmware hacking)
  - Learning japanese
  - Guitar and piano
  - Fixing up my 3D printer with proper fixes to auto-bed leveling, Octoprint
  - Gitting gud at taiko no tatsujin and other videogames
- I don't know how to manage all of this. I realize that a big chunk of my day is missing because I either eat too much (my family barely eats at all so I eat a lot of the leftovers so I get sleepy after), and taking naps during the mid-day out of nowhere (could also be caused by lack of sleep).
- I think something that could be an issue could also be due to gooning a lot. It's an uncomfortable topic I don't like to talk about but I think it's something that I should at least address. Whenever I feel bored, or stressed out from the goals from above and given the opportunity to be alone I do it. I know it could be a potential addiction factor since it consumes a lot of my time which could be used for productivity's sake, or sleep if it's super late at night. I should be more careful but I don't know how to approach this.
- I feel like I've been doing a lot to reach an internship by building up my experiences working with people and the stuff I want to get into only to get a bunch of rejections. It's really discouraging and I'm just trying to find ways to get in the industry. I don't know how my relatives do it, they apply like to hundreds of applications which doesn't make sense, especially since some companies have stricter requirements like requiring a cover letter, or being master's degree only, etc.
  - I still have 6 months of university left. I just hope I can make the best of it and get in.  I feel that my biggest flaw is being discouraged with all these rejection letters that I just end up stopping or forgetting to apply for more jobs.
  - I also feel a growing concern that a lot of people I know who I think were pretty diligent and graduated with a bachelor's degree don't even get to use it. A friend of mine, in CS, has already one year in and hasn't even gotten a job yet. What's the point of education if we can't even get to make use of it?
  - I fear my options if I can't get any offers post-grad is working at a job that is barely relevant to what I do. I know it's normal to not succeed at first, but there's a time limit in my degree to those employers. There's only so many personal projects you can do before they want to see real work.
    - I don't want to do a master's because it would be too risky. It costs a lot of tuition and it's not guaranteed I'll be getting more offers. My financial aid runs out soon, perhaps a bit before my graduation, and I definitely don't want to take on a massive debt with no purview of a promise.\\
    - I'll probably work part-time after graduation if I don't get an offer and do projects/apply like mad but that's all I got so far. My hopes are in my work in doing cybersecurity as it has stuff both software and hardware related, and from what my friend has shown me, there are a lot of opportunities there.

# JP

anki

- 「よつば＆！」：第 2 話完成
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 2 話完成

 

# GUITAR

- Did a little bit of warmup practice a few days ago

  - - Trying to get back into doing one hour a day of getting haruka kanata down as a start
- Still looking for a vox amplug that is cheap and a cool looking pickguard (maybe a dark red tortoise shell pattern?)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

 

# FUTURE PLANS

- Add 10 a day of kanji mining if possible, if not just review more
- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
