---
layout: post
title: Today stuff 9
abbrlink: 492b9df0c72c4294a12afde56b334bba
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1757147855975
updated: 1762626493652
---

# Today stuff

- Grr kinda frustrating that I've been sleeping at 12-1 AM and i still wake up at 9/fall asleep for like 3 hours mid-day
  - I think it was a combination of eating and idk maybe the diarrhea i had the day before messed me up
  - I think my dad was sick too so that mightve contributed a little
- Well I am learning alittle bit of cadding so I can create a 3d printed adapter for my AC funnel
  - Based off the Haier portable AC i bought for 20 bucks, it didnt come with an adapter or hose so I bought the hose but the hose also didnt come with the attachment so I decided to take measures and recreate it myself using pictures and measuring it with a caliper

  - You can find my attachment I made on onshape, its what I used for it

  - Ngl onshape is kinda dookie i might learn fusion360 or something else more intuitive/simpler cuz i dont need precision in my builds

  - Im prolly gonna make a 3d printed earbud case next cuz I lost my case but kept the earbuds with charging
- I ate gelato too that was pretty good
- Oh i also hot glued a solar panel to the back of my kindle, not sure if itll be any efficient but so far I've seen it light up when its fed enough energy
  - My problem is that this was a 12V 3W solar panel, with a 125 mA current delivery. I used a tiny variable buck converter inside the panel to make sure it output a max of 5 volts, since the rating on my Kindle was 5.25V and 500 mA max delivery.
  - I am not entiely too sure how much charge will be made from the panel? From recent tests I have not had much success since it kept dropping when I left it in the sun. I think it might be trickling energy more than delivering energy. I will have to put it out in the sun next time directly to see how it goes percentage-wise.
- Oh, another cool addition I saw was that the Raspberry Pi 3A + ESP32 WROOM offline kindle library only consumed like 2 watts max while in operation. This is super low power and I'm kind of surprised. I think it could be lower if I was able to move the captive WiFi onto the Pi, but this works fine enough as is.
- And another thing, RIP my old headphones. It started finnickying the drivers a couple months back and I couldn't get it fixed even if I tried (i tore it apart shown below, this is not feasible at all after opening it). These lasted a surprising 3-4 years!!

  - I will have to think of a new headphones to use, but for now I'll be using my spare earbuds and closed back headphone that I had until I find a good deal.

# JP

anki

- 「よつば＆！」：第 2 話完成
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 2 話完成

 

# GUITAR

- Did a little bit of warmup practice a few days ago

  - - Trying to get back into doing one hour a day of getting haruka kanata down as a start
- Still looking for a vox amplug that is cheap and a cool looking pickguard (maybe a dark red tortoise shell pattern?)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

 

# FUTURE PLANS

- Add 10 a day of kanji mining if possible, if not just review more
- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
