---
layout: post
title: Today stuff 30
abbrlink: 852e59b559f4493089c0c86d02020cb3
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1779764066327
updated: 1779764425819
---

# Today stuff

- More projects n stuff
- I got a 3 day weekend cuz of memorial day, yay
- Went to thrift but there wasnt much there
- I also set up freshtomato on my router, it was the R6400V2. It took a bit to set up, and I was able to turn my old EOL router into an AP from it.
  - Apparently the R6400V2 has a button on one of its lights that you can press to access the Wifi after you flashed the init file, didnt realize that for so long and gave up on trying to work over ethernet a month back
  - I just signed into the router via wifi and updated the firmware properly that way
  - I also connected my old router to one of the ports on the R6400V2 and enabled its AP station mode, as well as plugged in from my normal ports on my R6400V2 to the Internet port on the old router.
  - Surprisingly worked well, most machines were able to reconnect just fine which im glad about
- Also the pen project is almost done. I forgot to print the pen horizontally since the forces applied to the pen will break if it was vertical. Currently I'm trying a new filament material, PETG, for its stronger resistance against the sun and strength. Seeing how it goes.
- This fucking phlegm thing is still going on its the most annoying shit ever

# JP

been reading a lot of yokubi grammar book to get the grammar insight while consuming mediaz
Just been watching a lot of yamakawa teruki and some other funny tech channels in japanese

- 「鋼の錬金術師 」：第 1 話読書中
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 **4** 話完成
- 「よつば＆！」：第 4 話完成
- チ。「―地球の運動について―」完成

 

# GUITAR

- Learned about scales (2/23)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

# FUTURE PLANS

- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
