---
layout: post
title: Today stuff 29
abbrlink: 926c1a6ec43c4d998d0073f3520e390b
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1779325222277
updated: 1779325570207
---

# Today stuff

- Geahhhhhhhhhhhh i still feel the phlegm ut its cleared up a lot now, hopefully it goes away
- I got told by my doctors i should eat less so im gonna be more conscious aout it
- I started food prepping more, i made a bunch of burritoes
  - Pretty OP tactic ut I need more foods to prep alongside it
- I was kind of ADHD obsessing over fixing this drawing tablet pen, I was able to get it working but I have to replace the entire pen housing with a 3D printed one, Ill post my files later once its fully finished but yeah that took a lot of time
- I wished I could make the pen lighter but it needs two AAA batteries to run, so the cost is it being heavier at a replacable functionality
  - I tried finding alternatives to reach 3V activation but none were an easy and cheap solution less than \$30 or spedning more time to finish it so i decided fuck it
- I learned a lot from onshape though, especially how to build the actual pen itself. I used a model but I heavily modified it to fit the PCB of this pen.
  - Kind of proud of myself tbh
- I gotta continue my JP studies, drawing and guitar though
  - I saw jpdb.io, its actually pretty useful. I might take a look. I've mostly been watching a lot of yamakawa teruki vids though
  - As for drawing/guitar, I need to decide what to do with both. I want to make music eventually but I also want to develop my own art style. Hard choices.

# JP

been reading a lot of yokubi grammar book to get the grammar insight while consuming mediaz
Just been watching a lot of yamakawa teruki and some other funny tech channels in japanese

- 「鋼の錬金術師 」：第 1 話読書中
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 **4** 話完成
- 「よつば＆！」：第 4 話完成
- チ。「―地球の運動について―」完成

 

# GUITAR

- Learned about scales (2/23)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

# FUTURE PLANS

- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
