---
layout: post
title: Today stuff 8
abbrlink: e8e0f0a4d6d94683bf37b728d7f5b85a
tags: []
categories:
  - Dailies Journal
date: 1756886721799
updated: 1762626504985
---

# Today stuff

- Didnt really do too much, slept at 1 but woke up at 11 which kind of sucked
- I went to a car wash and ate at a korean restaurant
- Actually these past couple days I called with a friend I knew about life aspects and jobs, its kind of tough out there
- I also fixed a gaming mouse, I originally had a MMO mouse but I gave it away to a friend. It turned out that the MMO mouse's lithium battery was broken, and so I had to replace it with a new one. The mouse I got was a Razer Naga epic chroma from a thrift store, I figured I should buy one since I don't have a macropad mouse.

  - The culprit, after opening the mouse inside, was this. The lipo battery was hella swollen and had to be replaced. I decided to use a USB-powered lithium battery cell I had lying around to put it in. It wasn't snug because it was cylindrical, but I snipped some plastic off the mouse to make it fit.

  - I had two batteries - one of them for some reason didn't hold a charge, so I was curious and decided to open them up myself. After unwrapping the cell and peeling off the aluminum casing, I found it very funny that it was almost like a pseudo-capacitor! It was a cylindrical lithium battery and the battery management system was just a mini PCB with an LED and a USB-C terminal on the positive end of the battery. That was pretty neat to see.

# JP

anki

- 「よつば＆！」：第 2 話完成
- 「ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ステイるーぼルーラン」：第 2 話完成

 

# GUITAR

- Did a little bit of warmup practice a few days ago

  - - Trying to get back into doing one hour a day of getting haruka kanata down as a start
- Still looking for a vox amplug that is cheap and a cool looking pickguard (maybe a dark red tortoise shell pattern?)

 

# ENGINEERING

Tablet idea

- Need to print a modified case
  - Kinda scrapped bc I think the monitor has magnetic interference so I don't know how viable or how I can amplify the pickup signals

Nucdeck idea

- THE DREAM IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!
  - I began to realize that, after reading online with regards to eGPU bandwidth that non-NVME communication speeds will NOT work with my nuc, therefore the NUCdeck is dead
  - It is a sad day, but within the ashes a new idea comes up: Raspberry pideck
    - However this only works with AMD GPUs, I want to test my 1650 on the Pi 5 and see how it goes
    - I want to learn how to make drivers so I might try getting into helping this github out: <https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices>

Nixie tube pocketwatch idea

- Need to do model and pcb
- I bought a hotplate and a microsolder, I can try desoldering or testing which tube burnt out on the clock and look into making the pocketwatch

 

# FUTURE PLANS

- Add 10 a day of kanji mining if possible, if not just review more
- Create a schedule for doing workouts and also all my hobbies (programming, guitar, gaming, research)
